I always like these the 1964 Ford
Falcons my dad got one when I was about
five six years old
got a 1964 two-door hardtop Futura and
maroon and he came to pick me up from
kindergarten in the car and I fell in
love with the name first sight when name
is this is of the bar and always wanted
one so I was really happy to find this
out this spring
this is my 1964 Ford Falcon spin it I
got it when I was 15 years old for five
hundred dollars found this car I was
just shell when I bought it so I I
didn't even have five hundred dollars
when I went to buy this car
so I actually gave the guy payments of
$100 so I gave him $100 to start just a
hold the car and then I ended up just
paying him off and went got the car put
it on a card all he drove back to Santa
Cruz put it in my mom's garage she hated
it
so I grounded the whole body here and
exterior down to bare metal and did the
body work on it and how to painted it
took me a long time you know just being
young find a project car like this I
didn't know really the direction I was
going it's kind of a father-son project
car so I really learned a lot about
working on cars magically can go now
retrospect I could go back out do it a
whole different way but you know cool
and I learned a lot it was fun so I'm
happy and it's come a long way and no
one really thought that I would actually
get it to the point where it's even out
now weird even drive so it's cool it's a
money pit you know like all project cars
are but
about London and I'm gonna keep it
forever
probably dumped more money into this car
then it's worth but the enjoyment I get
out of it definitely worth the money
it's such a project it's fun you know I
mean the experience I got the connection
I made in my dad you know this the
knowledge I have the cars the fun things
have done with it worth it the engine is
a whole nother story so I need an engine
for the car to have an engine or tranny
or anything so I knew a guy who owned a
junkyard in Santa Cruz
so I actually worked for the guy at the
junkyard - there he had a 1983 Mustang
5.0 that had an engine fire so what I
did is I removed about
found some other cars to pay him off to
get this engine so it's not new and
about you thanks Michael
I work that cold few inches warm he gave
you this engine
is a t5 out of a 1993 Mustang 5.0
another cool addition this car has on us
as a front disc brakes out of a Gran
Torino 73 now so it really stops nicely
you know it's not like a little car we
need to put both your feet on the brake
pedal it actually stops when you push it
another thing I do put a brake power
booster the name - 94 Geo Metro 10 of a
weird version but it actually works well
this is just uh it's a really nice
driver car and working progress and so
the next move for me is kind of interior
clean up - engine do a couple things you
know I got it to the point where it
rolls it tries nicely kind of cruises
around and you know slows will surely
make it into nice class
I've actually touched every part I know
exactly I know how hard I'm tighten well
underneath this car I know where homes
are I know the color i worn down bolts
are on this car touch dogs
there
kind of fun Britney infrared
are